# CS546Group6FilmReview
https://github.com/ericstazzone/CS546Group6FilmReview

# How To Run
1. npm install
2. npm run seed
3. npm start

# Introduction
For our project, we propose a platform for film self-reviews. Users will be required to create accounts in order to upload reviews. When uploading reviews, users will be presented with a form with numerous fields to fill out, including film title, rating, and review body. Film title is to be matched with entries pulled from a third-party API. Users can browse reviews via the central catalog page and sort by such categories as title and reviewer. Users can also view pages dedicated to individual reviews.

# Project Board
To view who was assigned per feature go to the feature board.
1. Go to Projects
2. Projects tab
3. Click CS546 Group 6: Film Review 
4. View Backlog, In Progess, PR, Merged (into main and done)

# PR Process
1. Create a new branch for each feature
2. Make sure it is up to date / merge conflicts must be sorted before it is merged back into the main during PR
3. Make PR and have someone check / look at progress 
4. Merge branch into main
5. Move items on feature board according to status

# Note
tota11y reports several issues with contrast. However, these are all owing to Bootstrap. Per the advice given on Slack, we left these be.
Furthermore, several HTML validation issues emerge on the review publish page. These issues pertain to elements generated by bootstrap-select and have been left alone for the same reason.
All other issues generated by tota11y and HTML validation were resolved prior to submission.